fix: docs about the database parameter in HTTP request (#1869)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/user-guide/query-data/promql.md

    --data-urlencode 'start=2024-11-24T00:00:00Z' \
    --data-urlencode 'end=2024-11-25T00:00:00Z' \
    --data-urlencode 'step=1h' \
    'http://localhost:4000/v1/prometheus/api/v1/query_range?db=public'
```
If authentication is enabled in GreptimeDB, the authentication header is required. Refer to the [authentication documentation](/user-guide/protocols/http.md#authentication) for more details.

> You can ignore the `db` parameter if you're using the `public` database; otherwise you have to either set it in the query param like above, or set it using `--header 'x-greptime-db-name: <database name>'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to either set it in the HTTP URL query param `db` like the example above, or set it using `--header 'x-greptime-db-name: <database name>'` as HTTP header.
```
